 
  SAMPLE STATEMENT OF WORK  
STATEMENT OF WORK 
 
 
 
 
CONTRACT ID: R3435-T3090 
 
 
DATE OF CONTRACT: 28 November 2020 
 
 
FOR: ACME Company 
PREPARED BY: Globex 
 
ACME is an existing SaaS customer. In order to link tickets together to a root problem and be able to 
respond to those linked tickets in a single step, as well as providing ITIL methodology directives, Globex 
has provided a prototype configuration and customisation in order to achieve the desired functionality 
effective from October 01, 2021’  
A further project was undertaken to include additional enhancements linked to this work and these 
have been provided in a test environment to prove the additional functionality. 
ACME have approved the functionality of the prototype and require migration of the ticket management 
functionality into the production environment. 
In addition, there is a requirement to provide management information in the form of a custom report 
for the functionality relating to ticket linking. 
 
Solution Overview 
Globex has provided the description of the services to be performed in the Deliverables section below. 
Further requirements and or customizations defined or requested by Customer after baseline acceptance of 
this Statement of Work could change the scope of this project and will be managed according to the 
Change Management process defined in the Change Management Appendix. 
The solution will eventually comprise: 
 
Customisation and Configuration functionality from Prototype to the production 
environment 
Custom Reports for the new configuration / customisation 
 
Regional Interface and Language Requirements 
 
 Page 1 of 9  
  SAMPLE STATEMENT OF WORK  
• acme : en_GB 
Functional Scope: 
 
• Migration of customisations 
• Custom report 
 
The proposed process for the Globex delivery is: 
 
• Project Management 
• Application Development 
• Quality Assurance Testing 
• Support for Users 
 
Project Deliverables 
The following section defines and explains the key deliverables for this Consulting services engagement. 
Project Management 
Globex’s Project Manager (PM) will be responsible for managing the level of effort associated with this 
Statement of Work. The PM will develop the Project Plan which describes the tasks, activities, milestones 
and timelines associated with this engagement. The Project Manager will maintain a risks/issues log and 
record project progress in the form of weekly status reports. A Delivery Manager will have responsibility 
for delivery assurance and will serve as an escalation point of contact for the project team. 
The Customer will designate one person to serve as Project Manager.. 
Deliverables: 
 
Project Plan: documents project activities, ownership of those activities, milestones, schedule, and 
dependencies. 
Development 
Globex developer will migrate the required customisations from the prototype environment to the 
production environment according to the project plan. 
Quality Assurance 
Globex will test the system as identified in the Project Plan and will certify the system is ready for 
Acceptance Testing. 
ACME will be responsible for acceptance testing against its business requirements. This includes test 
planning and management, test case development, and execution of acceptance tests. 
Administration Support 
Globex will provide support to ACME to the point of a successful deployment of the functional 
changes as agreed in the Project Plan. 
 Page 2 of 9  
  SAMPLE STATEMENT OF WORK  
Custom Report 
Globex consultant will provide ACME with one standard Globex report as described in the Project plan 
and is likely to include the filters and columns. 
 
Risks 
Risk Assessment is a process to identify, analyse, plan, track and control risks related to the 
implementation of or integration with the Globex Software. There are potential risks associated with the 
project that need to be addressed via a mitigation strategy. Below are the identified risks associated with 
this project: 
 
Risk Mitigation 
Adoption of the software Globex will assist with promotion of the tool and training. 
Deployment of the Globex will monitor the deployment of the integrated 
changes solution and adjust the project plan as necessary. 
Resource availability Secure approval from project sponsors to support project through 
completion. 
  
 
 
Assumptions 
Assumptions are factors used for planning purposes that are considered true, real, or certain. Assumptions 
help define scope and determine level of effort and timeframes. 
 
Overall project assumptions 
1. This project assumes instances will be involved in this project in the following 
languages: English 
2. The Services included in this Statement of Work will be performed: Offsite 
3. The Customer will be charged for all travel and related expenses according to Globex’s travel 
policies unless otherwise noted. – Travel and related expenses will not be recharged as per 
agreement with ACME 
4. Globex will provide a RNT Certified Project Manager and may utilize Globex certified 
third party resources to complete some or all of the work on this engagement. 
5. All services must be used within 12 months of purchase to avoid expiration. 
 Page 3 of 9  
  SAMPLE STATEMENT OF WORK  
Exclusions 
In addition to identifying the specific components that are included in the project, it is equally important 
to specify those components that are NOT included in the Statement of Work in order to manage 
expectations and scope. The following list of items is specifically excluded from this statement of work: 
1. Globex is not responsible for advanced Database, Operating System and Network configuration 
and/or troubleshooting are outside the scope of this Statement of Work. This includes, but is not 
limited to: 
• Database Replication, Optimization or Partitions 
• Router/Switch troubleshooting 
• DNS issues and SSL configuration 
• Internet Connectivity 
• TCP/IP configuration 
 Page 4 of 9  
  SAMPLE STATEMENT OF WORK  
Rates 
Services provided under this Statement of Work shall be based on Globex standard consulting 
rates, which are listed below: 
 
Role Euros 
Developer €1,200/day 
Consultant €1,200/day 
Test Manager €1,200/day 
Education Trainer €1,200/day 
Project Manager €1,200/day 
Business Development Manager €1,200/day 
 
Globex may utilize a Globex certified third party vendor to complete all or some of the work specified in 
this statement of work. Documented below are the estimated Consulting services fees. 
Agreed with client, the mode of payment will be Cheque.  
Fees Summary 
This estimate does not include travel and “out of pocket” expenses Globex may incur. 
 
CONSULTING SERVICE DAYS FEE 
Deliverable 1 Project Management 8 € 9,600 
Deliverable 2 Development 6 € 7,200 
Deliverable 3 Quality Assurance Testing 4 € 4,800 
Deliverable 4 Administration Support 4 € 4,800 
Deliverable 5 Custom Report 6 € 7,200 
TOTAL: 28 € 33,600 
 Page 5 of 9  
  SAMPLE STATEMENT OF WORK  
 
Payment Terms 
 
Fixed Fee 
 
Globex will invoice the Customer following signature of this Statement of Work and payments shall be 
due net thirty (30) days from invoice date. Without limiting its rights or remedies, Globex shall have the 
right to halt or terminate entirely any services until payment is received on past-due invoices. 
Customer shall pay to Globex a fee of thirty-three thousand six hundred Euros (€33,600) (“Fee”) for 
Services described in this Statement of Work, plus actual expenses incurred for the duration of the 
project. 
 
Expenses 
Estimates do not include travel and related expenses Globex may incur in support of this engagement. 
Globex will send an invoice on a monthly basis for expenses incurred during the previous month. 
Payments for such invoices are due net thirty (30) days from date of invoice. 
Terms & Conditions 
 
Globex Standard Terms and Conditions govern this Statement of Work and may be viewed at 
http://www.globex.com/saas/agreements/master.html. 
 
 
 
Signatures 
 
 
   
Globex, Inc. 
ACME 
Consulting services 
 
 
   
 
Satish Prasad 
Name: Name: 
Anil Kapadia 
Title : VP consulting services Title: Procurement Director 
Date : Date: 
01 October 2021 01 October 2021 
  
  
Notice Notice 
Dwarkamai , Ayodhya Kumar Pavilion, 2424, East Street, 
Address Address 
nagar, Nagpur, Street Camp, Next To Victory Cinema, 
440024 Pune, Maharashtra 411001 
 
 
 
Email Email 
clientsupport@globex.com 
support@acme.com 
 Page 6 of 9  
  SAMPLE STATEMENT OF WORK  
 
Contact Contact Email 
Anil.kapadia@acme.com Satish.prasad@globex.com 
Email Id ID 
 
  
 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 